c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\MediaLibrary.UnitTests.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\MediaLibrary.UnitTests.pdb
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\MediaLibrary.Domain.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\MediaLibrary.WebUI.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\MediaLibrary.Domain.pdb
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\MediaLibrary.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.pdb
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.pdb
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\obj\Debug\MediaLibrary.UnitTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\obj\Debug\MediaLibrary.UnitTests.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\obj\Debug\MediaLibrary.UnitTests.pdb
C:\Users\Ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MediaLibrary\MediaLibrary.UnitTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
